waiting me shame is he where my boys
don't do shit he was serious he was not
a fucking guy where's my buddy Sonny
murder where he was he was missing
horrible but that's funny son that is
fucking hilarious oh oh you're over
there I gotta check your shit out Oh
sighing smoke wolf knees
guys take them take a signal hi I
checked on them have to do it easy to
meet him what its gonna be me I'll see
what I now I gotta for you I pursued Wow
okay don't mind if I do so now after
that happened whoa by giving you my
sniper you get out of tickets on a tray
with you yeah that should be sitting up
here he's gonna give it to you how mrs.
hissar
I'm straight miss and easy hair shop
just take it is stole my kill man died
by now
all right down me up here to something I
got you stole my kill dogs fucking
bullshit I can't get a headshot same on
life I taught me sometimes ok gonna pop
one of its ok back finally
about
Wow they sold me off a pop to hip-hop
boom in there got him off
this is a victory we need but we can't
stop watching babies get oh yeah anybody
go boom I'm gone I'm gonna need all
right go boom with you throwing smoke I
got your bag of fire up down down down
good
I got should we go down fuck oh sick did
anybody see this nigga jumped by 10 feet
in the air they come down and shoot me
didn't you buddy see that and I'll just
just think it went in the air like he
did a kung fu flick to the compost
that's it when the Holy Day came down on
my head
the dude about a thing and age they got
sniper at snipers always bought it look
at that sniper dog Oh take that over
there anybody else want to come through
I got people here with their sniper you
get it oh wait are they can't you get
three of them coming up there almost
like uma Frank get Mike what I don't
like how much I'd like what time let's
party right there what go to eat this
point up here this one over here
don't take me down they'll take without
him take me down please I had to let him
down I wanted to get the UH disaster q
just don't get too damn out wow so the
graben East Germany what up yo can I get
in the baby I get in the mess hall after
after you guys are done here alright got
total the whole squid out nice I just
must I was just actually had my let my
game disliked like it froze if I'm
moving ahead Emma night when they came
to I picked up this night